Y
the adventures of peter pan wendy john and
Miguel were three brothers who lived in
London
Wendy who was the oldest told them
stories and care when their parents
they left home one of the stories that
Most liked the little ones were from
'peter pan' a child who lived in the country
of never again and that was always going
accompanied by his little fairy campanita
It's too late and they have to go to bed
because tomorrow we have to go to the
school the web context had not finished
of saying these words when the
window opened by entering through it a
jumping shadow
it was the shadow of Peter Pan that was
looking for days
they were still amazed when they arrived
in person peter bread and bell
This meeting is man through
lens
Peter told them that he had to go back to
never ever because caring for some children
they had no parents explained them chopped
very worried because I needed to
someone to take care of and to tell you
stories those children
very well and you know how to tell stories very
pretty
said the little brother looking at
wendy
he asked me
they all went to the island of never
never and as they did not know how to fly
little bells sprayed him with a fang
special that made them float in the air
They crossed a long ocean to reach
a beautiful island where they saw a village
Indian and a pirate ship
Captain Hook's boat ate him the
hand a crocodile at the moment
He carries his alarm clock for that when
they listen very much that track was not very
bad and you only want after stopping the kids
that we take care of I answer peter pan wendy
Peter was very kind to wendy and this
He made the bell to envy him and
He told one of the children that they would throw him
arrows an arrow passed very close to
wendy and he made our measure almost
I fell to the ground I screamed he got angry
with bells for their bad action but
he forgave her because he repented
the little sticks
underground because the Indians what
they searched
and this could be found
everyone will be very happy because wendy the
care very well
they were evil ones kidnapped the daughter
of the Indian chief
the gpn I talk with peter to his daughter
and it was very flying to where they had
hidden
and escaped with the little Indian the boss
Indian was very happy and prepared a
party where children and Indians are
they became very good friends this
did not like the pirates who
disguised as Indians kidnapped the
children
Peter Pan 'had to use all of his
skills to save them from the captain
hook but in the end he got it
a hook fleeing from a crocodile that
toward
if he sells it
Peter came back with a good list and his
little brothers to london who promised
go back to see
and with care, care for others a lot
love and affection received
Armenia
Y